Today, it's just, to continue the conversation, you remember last time? Um, you know, Scott, SME, uh, got decades of experience in, in, uh, equipment sales into construction, knows HVAC very well. This document is a reflection of us spending a little more time together. And I'll say, the biggest difference since when we spoke glasses, I was thinking, this is a submittal tool. It helps take information that the specifications that a building owner has said, is what I need, and helps respond to that in the final sale process. But after spending some time with Scott, that's still true, but I think there's a larger opportunity on the front end of that. on the proposal on Bidside, too, because the actual submittal work only happens if you've been selected as a contractor. You've already been awarded. Repeat that, please. You only actually submit all of the detailed stuff, which is called the cemental. You only doing that if they've looked at your high level proposal and said, Yep, Steve, we're going with you. Now give us more detail. So this is a qualification mechanism to move through the phases. Okay. So the difference between what you do at the proposal stage, and what you do at the submittal stage, is the level of detail. to simplify it. You're still saying it's this type of equipment, this is, I'm reviewing your specifications. This is what you need. Here's what it would cost. You're still doing that at the proposal stage. There's just more detail required. What would you add to that? It's kind of a, it's a function of level of investment based on opportunity, right? So when we're proposing, we're competing against multiple companies just like us, and we're, so say I'm bidding equipment. I'm quoting the equipment that you need to keep this place cool. I'm quoting that to a mechanical contractor. That mechanical contractor is quoting that to a general contractor, that general contractor is quoting that to an architect. But there may be multiple generals that are bidding on that job, that are trying to get that job, that maybe each of those multiple general contractors may be bidding multiple mechanical contractors, and each of those mechanical contractors may be bidding to multiple equipment vendors. So there's this pyramid that gets built during the proposal phase, from a couple of general, one architect, a couple of generals, a couple of mechanicals, and a couple of vendors. So we're all just taking a risk of investing our time in this when we may not win it, because ultimately, of that pyramid, only one line is going to get selected with somebody at the bottom. So we're all investing a lot of free time and labor into building this proposal that's applicable to this job that meets the requirements. But the documentation that we're putting together, the actual level of detail that we're getting into, is as much as we can afford to do on that job. For no pay, no guarantee of pay. So a higher probability outcome, we might do more work on the front end to really put together a professional thing, but a low low low chance of success, we may do a lower, but we're still tied to the same plants and specs. We still have the same legal responsibility to provide the right equipment. So we do still need to be accurate. But we don't have to, if we do all that work and we just give them a proposal that's one page that says, this piece of equipment, this price, this piece of equipment, this price, that's basically sufficient for the proposal, because all we're doing is saying, I'll give you equipment that matches these documents for this number. And that's all they use on the bid day, and then they select who they're going to work with based on their working relationship and who is the best price and all this kind of stuff. And then they say, okay, this is our construction team. Now we gotta move forward. And then they say, okay, 1st step is submittles, which is essentially the same thing. But we're really getting down into the details and we're providing a 100 page document showing this is all the ways that we're meeting these documents now. This is for approval. This is saying this is what I'm actually gonna provide. Mr. Engineer, Mr. Architect, please approve this or tell me what else you want different. And then we order it. Okay. So, uh, so, I guess what Daniel's getting at is, we originally have been focusing on just that middle phase, but what we, um, got into is that all that stuff that happened before that is essentially the same work. Daniel, that may be too dry. You might have to check around and see which one is... But it's essentially the same work. It's just a different output used. And so this tool would be selling itself short if we're only engaging it then, and not taking care of them, and not taking advantage of the massive time savings on the front end, because that's really where we have the most exposure of wasted time. is during that proposal phase. Okay, so before the submittal, you need to do a high level bid. Yeah, I'll bid. a little bit. Uh, so, who's who's involved? It just helps me to see it. Yeah, I'm just kind of writing down what Scott has already said. Perfect. Scott, do y'all, uh, provide, uh, different types of fans in installation? Sure. Different types of everything, basically. So that's when we're... That proposal phase, when we get those bid docs, you know, we have to interpret what they are calling for, what performance they need, and what construction materials and things like that. And that will inform us as to which product we're gonna use, but even once we select that product, then the specifications may say, within that product, you need to have this type of fan, or this type of sensor here, or this type of door or platform here. And that is very much customizable for each individual piece that we use. So we use the bid documents, the plans, and the specifications to determine which model we're going to use, but also how to configure that model to meet the requirements. And so we select each of those things as we go. Okay. So what other variables, besides equipment, is there, um, installation time that you're competing against, would that be a item that, uh, that the GC looks like, where, or do you even state that? For us, where we're at and for reps like us, there's very little labor. There may be some for helping with onsite assembly or startup kind of thing or training the owner on how to use it. There's some labor for that. That's pretty much standardized for all of our bids, for each piece of equipment. But the contractors that we're quoting to, the mechanicals, their whole scope is basically labor. And so they're getting quotes from us for all that equipment, and they put that together, mark it up, and then add their own labor time and overhead to it. So, Sometimes you, like, that's kind of where that pyramid comes in, because ideally when we get to the bottom and there's multiple mechanical contractors, we want to be bidding to each one of them, because if we're only bidding to one, and that one doesn't get it, then we've had a lower chance of, you know, getting that job. Okay. Is that the triangle you're talking about on the left? I guess when you go down, you're basically giving this high level proposal to these individuals. Essentially. It's kind of a combination of that and that. Okay. And you're talking about the installation, but if we say that that's the architect, and they'll send out a request for proposal. to 2 GCs, let's say, it give you one, it could be five. And then each GC is going to reach out to their mechanical partners. they like to work with. Okay. And then this GC will too, and each of these mechanical partners will be reaching out to their equipment vendors. as well. Okay. So, and this is us, right? But we want to be there, there, there, all the way across, we're bidding to him. So if he gets it and that gets it, then they get it. If this guy, if he goes it this way. And typically, what's great about where we're in, but the position we're in with as being equipment vendors, is that there's only so many equipment. Like for cooling towers, which is our main product, there's 3 major manufacturers. And there's a couple of ancillary ones, but there's basically three. So the plans and specs that the architect and the engineer put out will say, in the cooling tower specification, it needs to be one of these three. So each of these guys are gonna call those three cooling tower guys, and I'm one of them. So ideally, I'm gonna be here. The only way that wouldn't happen is if I got a bad relationship with this guy. Do they genuinely take the lowest bid or is there are there other factors? Definitely other factors. And it's a function of the type of job it is. If it's K through 12, for example, they don't really have a choice. They gotta, they gotta go with the low bid or they're not gonna win the work because K through 12 is generally lower. But a profit margin. But like on a hospital or something, they're going to be much more discerning. They gonna say, um, we want to work with people that we've worked with before, or that we know have a good reputation, and if they're not, if they're 2nd in line on the price, then we're good with them, or go back to them and see if they can get a little lower because we really want to work with that, that kind of thing. Unlike a big office building with a high level developer like Heinz Heinz job, they're very specific about the stuff that they want to see, stuff that they've seen work over time, and they'll partner up with those guys ahead of time. So by the time we get up to here, Heinz is basically telling them all the way down the chain, you're gonna use SNS, because we trust, or, like, you do a better, you'd have a higher chance of this going smoothly if you work with SNS. You know, like some, some sort of a, um, undermined tune. So, yeah, so from job to job, there's definitely, definitely variables that will impact who it is. So what, what is the data center, uh, is that a is that a target for you guys? It's target for everybody. We don't have a lot of them around here, unfortunately. They're all getting built in Dallas and Austin and West Texas and that kind of thing. We're seeing them more and more as it starts to get saturated. But data centers, though, by the time we were seeing them now, they've basically built out this procurement model to help with lead times, to help with buying in bulk, to help with pricing. And so a lot of times those owners are buying are building their partnerships early. They're buying equipment. Like a lot of equipment, directly from the manufacturers. Months before they even get finished developing the drawings and the plans, you know, for the engineering documents to show them how they're gonna build the thing, because everything's been going further out, when they're trying to buy 100 chillers instead of 2 chillers, then the factories are getting, you know, they're too backlog. They can't get stuff out in time. They're having to build new factories just to keep up with data center demand. And so data center's like, well, it's all about time for them. They have to get in now before everybody else does. So they, uh, so they're buying up everything they can, price be damned, because they want to have it available when they when they need it. So data center is definitely definitely a target. So lower, you know, we don't see as many of them here, but, um, that that chain, that it does look different. It's more of a strategic relationship based. process. Okay. And so this scribbling up here, you're trying to do two things. I'm trying to show just the ecosystem of who's involved. Well, actually, maybe three things. Think of this as the buyer side, and this is the supplier side. Okay. And this is a reflection. Okay. Okay. Architect, sending it over to the GC, and there's multiple GCs, as he said, who have multiple mechanical contractors, multiple electrical contractors, plumbers, et cetera. It could be 50, 100 different entities. Okay. And each one of these has multiple manufacturer sales. But this is the specific line that we're talking about here in the commercial HVA. Okay. Okay. There's also, I've broken it out, and tell me if you think that this is the right level of detail or not. Three phases of, here's what we want, show us that you can give it to us. That evaluation space, there's really three of those. Zero, level zero is budgetary. So if they're planning something out, hey, in two years, I think I might want to build this building. Scott, what roughly would it cost for a box that's rougher this size? Like, roughly how many cooling tires I need? Now, all that's... that's $200,000 to $500,000. Got it. That type of, this is free work here. At the proposal stage, they actually had plans from the engineers. It could be 80% complete, maybe not done, but it could be closer to it. This is firmer. Hey, I need scope. Tell me exactly what we need, respond to, not, it's roughly the size, but respond to, these are the outputs that the equipment needs to provide. That's the proposal stage. Got it. And once it's awarded, so you say, Okay, we've picked this group of people that are provided these services and equipment. Now, submitted. And you're doing the same thing every time. This is what you need. Here's how we supply. And also, here's how to substantiate that I've read all your requirements, and what I'm giving you, meets those requirements. Okay. The level of detail increases in each one of these. Oh, I didn't. This is free. This is free. This is paid. Got it. But it's worth putting in the effort at each of these stages, because, um, at the budgetary stage, you could position it as, Hey, I could get basis of design on this, meaning they'll write in specifications that only my equipment can provide, or that my equipment is best positioned to provide, if I've done it right here. So that you have the opportunity to influence the later stages, and that's why it's worth putting an effort here. Same with the proposal stage. We can give them. It's these pieces of equipment, it's this price. and that's it, you know, three lines of text. If we think we're not really gonna win this, but we want to, we care about this relationship with the mechanical contractor, we want to help them bid, but we feel like it's low probability. We'll give them something. Or if we feel, we're pretty, we feel strong about this, we'll give them more detail at this stage. Or if we feel extremely strong about it, we might go back to not giving very much detail again, 'cause we don't need to. All they need is our price, so they know they're gonna... Okay, okay. And then what the tool is doing. And we, so in, in the rough dock with that, it has a lot of this information, but also we've been talked. We have some ideas as a starting point for how we should structure the platform to do this. And we've broken it out simply into three layers. One would be the qualification piece. Is something we can bid on or not? If yes, then we get to the extracting data, and it's unstructured, but there's... We could tell the tool what to look for, to pull out what we would need to decision. this is the what the equipment has to do, the duties, these are the specifications, the outputs, we can pull all that, compare it against what equipment we have, and there's a few ways to do that, and we've highlighted options. to extract the data, choose the equipment, and then put together the package that we can hand back to them, whether it be, you know, a one page thing that has, it's this equipment, it's this price, at the proposal level, or if it's submittal, where it's 100 pages of going through everything that they've given us, marking it up, putting a lot of information from the manufacturer, but we're really answering the same thing every time. What do you need? What do we think would meet that need? And how much would it cost? We're doing that at each stage here. Okay. I think, for MVP pilot, we want the tool to be able to do, maybe, proposals first, and perhaps proposals, and some medals, but this might be easier to get going with. And if I'm gonna make this up, if you got a 25% win rate, that means you're doing four of these for everyone. For these you're done, right? So you get more volume, you allow the tool to be trained faster at the proposal stage. That's true. Okay. For sure. All right, so we want to dig into that, and, like, the workflow, I've read the document, but that's what we're gonna go over, is, like, so this is somewhat of a starting workflow when we can get into, you know, who are the, who are the actors, what data do they need? And then how should they respond? Is that a kind of a good approach? And then we'll go through, I kind of think of it as we have this term, and computer science, I call it Dag, and it's an orchestration of it's the workflow. You can have workflows chained together based upon the level of detail that you need, and so we could have this workflows that could be chained together based upon wherever you're at, and then that'll allow us to control, and we could have human feedback if we needed to, and audit ability, we could build all that in. Yeah, that's... So there's some architecture questions in here that we've got a starting point, but, you know, I want your input on it. I think for MVP, we need to have that. Okay. That. So the tool should be able to do this, should be able to do this. I think this extract and choose equipment is more complicated, it's going to require, we can build a structure, but then trains on data, but I don't think that this can reliably produce the outputs yet. Okay. There's also an bookshow, I'll show it in here. A future state solution might be human and tool. Yep. Okay. It might be. But we can talk about that, and that's might be long term, could just be pilots. I don't know. Okay, okay, so we could, we could have some AI assistance on the qualification AI system, you know, so we'll dig into, you know, um, um, what do you want it to do, and any data that you need to present it, and then what, what, what's the outcome that, that you're expecting? That's kind of what we could do with A and C, and just go through, and, um, kind of give it a persona. What's the data strategy for that persona, and then what is the expected output? And then we can kind of have that as the artifact, so the liver will be an artifact from the qualification stage that this produces, that will feed into, you know, later on, these later on stages. So it seems like B's gonna be, you're gonna, uh, a human's gonna go match up the, uh, what what the extracted data is to the actual, um, um, inventory. And then, then it's gonna produce an artifact, and then that's gonna feed down into the proposal states, you use A and B, and then you go to C, and then you have, you have more input, and then, and then so that's kind of how, that I, that I see. Generally, it's how, how, uh, the AI system can use it, in this fashion, where you have this human, um, review, in certain areas, and say, Okay, now, that's good. I can move forward. That's basically it, yeah. Yep. And I'll also, I'll say it again, 'cause I don't want this to get lost, and we're talking about a lot of stuff. Don't want to get lost in here. This is my best idea right now, but I've never built a tool before. Sure, sure, sure. I want your feedback if you say that actually doesn't make sense. Maybe we should do it this way. I'm looking for that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And that's what I wanted when we get into it. So I just want to have a kind of a standard strategy of how to attack these and say, okay, you know, just like you're teaching, you know, a new employee of how to do this. You just go, what are we trying to do? That's, we call that in this, in this AI called Prompt Engineering. What he wanted to do, you give it instructions. And then you say, Okay, what tools can I have access to to perform these instructions? And then what is your output? So it's kind of the standard, kind of, a way that AI assistant works. And now, they're tweakable based upon the certain certain use case, but that's generally it, is. What do you want me to do? What tools do I have available? Knowledge, I'm structured, document, structured documents, and then what output do you want? PDF, and you kind of describe it as much as you can, and then, but there's, there's a lot of frameworks that kind of will, will help you with each one of those. One of those phases, and then we should call them managed services to kind of take away the complexity, so we have to kind of bog down in, and we lose focus, because we're getting, you know, like, for example, auditibility, we can, at each phase, we can, when you, when you search your data or, or, or produce an output, you can audit it, you can give it, okay, what's, and there's all kinds of, of, of, of metrics to do that. One of them is explainability. did I get here? You told me to do this. There are tools I use. How did I get there so you can explain it and say, yeah, that's how it would have done it. So then you could, like, then you could, then you could say, oh, yeah, this is, this is, so you can kind of have that audibility, say, this, this, this is helping. So the goal is to prove that tool is helping. Yes. And so that's... Yes. Okay. As far as out of it, we have a component here that we do want that chain throughout, to say, how did you select this model? What were the things that you used? Yep. Just like this model, so that we can reperform it? Because the worst case scenario that I'll just make up is, let's say, it picks the wrong equipment. And then there's a humidity problem in the building. And it's built, it's fully constructed, and they're gonna say, Scott, why did you tell us that this would work? Yeah. You know, so we want to avoid that. Yeah, and that's what the goal of all these metrics are, is it relevant? Is it, is it? Can you explain it? And is it, is it, um, you know, the big one is, is it, is it grounded truth? They call it grounded truth. Can we take an example that Scott did, and then use that as a base to say, yeah, this is relevant to our input? See you. Yep. Okay. Then, what I might do is just throw... Yeah, just start dock up here, and we can... digging in. We'll dig into it. So, when you're bidding on that, you're doing mostly equipment, but is there any part of that or service? Yes. Yes. Okay. Um, we, on our equipment bids, we will have some labor in there, as I mentioned, for, uh, basically just helping the contractor get it installed and running. But we're not actually performing it. We just assisting. So those are pretty much line item ads, but on our service department, which is a very different process, but we're, um, we're quoting, um, labor and materials on a refurbishment or a repair of a piece of equipment. But that is, there's no documents on that that's like, you go in, you look at it, you build the scope with the customer in person, and then you go back and quote it back to them. So that's when we're doing labor that way, it's it's not really something that... But that's after it's installed, after it's operating, and whoever the owner is, calls you and says, you know, we're having problems, pretty much. Yeah, and you just... Okay. Or, like, preventative maintenance, where they have to do it things every six months, you know, they'll go. Right. I'm gonna scroll through this 'cause we've already talked about a lot of this. Sure. Um, I think this is relevant. So the fundamental shape of the problem is that there's structured requirements that are buried in unstructured documents. Sure. These mechanical engineering sheets that have drawings, they'll have, um, notes in there. And so we can point to that. But right now, Scott's having to flip through a bunch of pages and read all these notes, and then compile a picture of what they're asking for. There's... Once we have the specifications known, right now, there's really two ways that you could figure out what type of equipment that would meet that need. And the primary way that they're doing it is, is there's a manufacturer selection program that is, you can go and you'll log onto their website, you input the specs, and it will say, ah, it's this model. And that, it's doing some math on the back end and with, if they've asked for these outputs, I know that these models will meet that. What it's also doing, is there's some, they have proprietary data in there, where they've said, here's the performance of a cooling tower in this, in these temperatures, these humidity, you know, this urban or rural location, here it is in a cold environment. Here it is in a, you know, a drive, they have that proprietary information, that they're also supplementing just the basic math of these inputs, these outputs. So that's, and I don't know if this is also a liability play. I would presume it might be. If I've input exactly what the architect and their engineers have asked for, if I've input it into the manufacturer's selection program, and it tells me this model, let's say it's wrong later. Well, the manufacturer is wrong. I'm not wrong. I don't know if that's a liability shield, Scott. That was a question that I put in here. If the manufacturer's data, I mean, if they, if they have something in writing that they're gonna provide or perform it, it doesn't do it, then, yeah, they're, they're on the report. Same as us too. If we have that proposal in the fitness days, and we say we're gonna provide equipment that's gonna do this, and we find out during this middle phase that the equipment that we proposed is not gonna meet the requirements. We're still obligated to provide equipment to economy, planet specs at that price. Oh, wow. Now, we have the option of walking away, but we're basically gonna torch that relationship from there forward because we just put them in a pipe now. So this, so you're just want to make sure I understand it. You're just kind of laid out B, right? Where you're using this manufacturer's tool, yeah, they have an interface, it says, give me your high level specs, and I'm gonna try to match it based upon they have this proprietary system. Okay. And, uh, and so it kind of be swivel chair from there, where you're gonna use, okay, look, you use the AI, the qualification assistant, to help me, uh, see if it's worth, what's the output, see if it's worth pursuing. And then now you swivel around, and you go, okay, let me go to this manufacturer. Let me pull all this information, and you have this standard artifact that you produce, this deliverable from that step, and then that will go into, okay, let me feed that into this prepare proposal assistant. Say, here, help me prepare this, this, this higher level proposal that, that, that, okay, so that's what we need to, okay? And that higher level proposal will include that piece of equipment from that specific manufacturer software, but it will also include another piece of equipment from another manufacturer's software, and then another piece of equipment that doesn't have software that we just pulled out of a catalog. Oh, okay. Like, 7 different manufacturers that were contracted with that each make different pieces of equipment that combine to make our scope. So we're collecting those artifacts from each of those manufacturers and then combining it into one proposal that has our game on it and our cell price. Uh, the ones that we're getting for the manufacturers has our cost and then we're working. Okay. So from B, you would have multiple, you know, you know, you don't know what equipment you need, but you have multiple inputs, and then, and then you present those to the C assistant, the prepared proposal assistant, and then it needs to understand, okay, here's, you know, what I'm being presented, and then what instructions you want me to do, and then what's the output? Okay. And that would obviously be a great audit phase. to take those inputs from all the manufacturers and check it against the qualifications that they found in Step A. God, it doesn't say, Hey, by the way, Mr. Estimator, is this regional? This doesn't... You have all these things, but you're missing these things. That's, and that's huge kind of exposure. to miss those things on midnight. So those would be the instructions to see, then, for that persona. I would say, okay, take, take the qualifications, output, plus B, plus the extracted date or the hand, the equipment choosing output from B, and then put those into C. Yeah. Okay. I'm trying to just make sure we kind of say, be kind of, you know, simplistic, not simplistic, but kind of a structured way that we can... pretty easy to understand. Yeah, so, yeah, Step C, to me, is double checking, selections versus requirements. Um, uh, taking pricing and manipulating that to be correct, are costs and adding markup and free estimates and things like that to make it our sell price. And then creating a proposal document, which is essentially a compilation of all of those different outputs that can be put into there. Yep. Okay, that's what we're dig into. So, I guess we could kind of start at qualifications, and, you know, you can, we kind of go through what you do manually for it, and then what are the inputs? What do you think about? that'll turn into our persona and instructions, and then what do you generally produce? And then, is there certain, is there formats based upon certain types of bids? And then all those other types of formats? And that's what we have to know is, okay, kind of classify the bid to an output format that we think is would be the best. Yes. Yeah. One other piece that's relevant here, for B and for, it's really this line here, the model selection against manufactured catalog and proprietary software. So we were primarily talking about their proprietary selection software that we access to a web based UI, right now, along in. My assumption is that they're not gonna want us to API to that thing. Yeah. That's my assumption. So that requires human interface. But what we could also do is have the tool, access these static manufacturer catalogs that have big tables of all this information, and recount that, and say, So, now, we were basically doing it twice to see. We know that the gold standard is what the manufacturer proprietary selection software is giving us, but how good is the tool of predicting the same thing? God, it said we could kind of call that ground truth, or grounding it. So that's why I could use that term swivel chair, where we don't have the API access right now, so you'd have to kind of do the qualification step and get that deliverable out and hold it there in the project. And then you swivel around, and you go to step B, and you get that. But there could be a, um, another set of data or another view of the, of the equipment data that we could put into, we call it a knowledge base, to where that's consumable to kind of, say, a, a, a, a B assistant, uh, that could say, okay, let me, if you kind of explain what you're doing in the, in the human tool with the, uh, with the 3rd party, kind of the same process, then we give it instructions, and then we, we compare those outputs, and say, is this? Does this make sense? And, you know, and then, and then at least you can kind of get some, some, um, um, auditability there, and some some comfort, say, confidence level that, that, hey, this is, this is on the right path. And then you can present, I guess, you'd have to, kind of, whatever you want to present, to see, you can present both of them to it, if you choose to, and then move on to there. Okay. We can have a decision point for the human that's gonna be in the middle. Okay. At step B to say, It's this equipment. Got it. You could look at two answers, maybe they're different. So the manufacturer's selection, or what the tools saying, the human, the experts saying, it's this one. Yeah. Then the tool said, Great, let me go pull the cut, sheets. Let me go pull the things that I'll need for the proposal, which is lighter for the submittal, which is more detail. Okay, okay. Yep. Yep. And then so, okay. So one of the steps in B that we'll need to do is, if we want to, if you have any, any unstructured data or data, we can put into a knowledge base where we can ground that, that, that swivel chair action, too. And that's what we would need to build that. that's what we have to do for each, each, each, each assistant is build up, call it tools. So what do you want to give an assistant? It needs an LLM, it needs tools, and it needs some prompt engineering or instructions. That's really the fundamentals of what it needs to help you. So that's what we need to do, is call it data strategy, is for each assistant, what's its data strategy. Yep, this is... So would you have other dealers that are bidding on the same job that represent the same manufacturer? Probably not the same manufacture because of the exclusive distribution agreements that they have in place, that have territory with them as well. There, there may be, when you start to get to, like, um, like a distribution model where, like, think about, like, small components that sit on a shelf in a parts house, um, you might see those same small components across a wide distributor network or across multiple companies, but for the large strategic equipment like this, those manufacturers do exclusive contracts for territory. So SNS is the only company that can sell Marley cooling towers in the Houston and surrounding area. Like, period. And the reason that that's been advantageous for Marley or for the manufacturers is because that incentivizes me to do that phase and that phase, which increases the chances of selling a Marley Colintower for that job, if I'm investing this free time with engineers to influence the basis of design, to position us better on the bid phase, then we have a higher, much higher likelihood of closing that job, and Marley has a much higher likelihood of selling that gloom tower compared to having two or three people trying to quote the same thing, who are only responding to bin requests and not putting in that strategic level of effort earlier. So that's where the exclusivity. That why it's beneficial to both sides. But on that bid, those mechanicals will be reaching out to my competitors who are also selling a cooling tower from another manufacturer. And so each of those competitors is a potential target for this type of tool, and there are 100s in just my little piece of the pie. How often I've got a question about your, the data strategy to me is kind of a linchpin, 'cause if you have bad data, you're gonna get bad results. How often does that change, like, the equipment, pricing, or whatever the data describes health, and does that change? Model specs? Yes. How often does that change? Yeah. So pricing, constantly. Model details, much less frequently. Okay. And each manufacturer, the way that they do their models, is like, with series is, which they update, like, a model series or a series of this model, which they'll update, like, 5 years, 10 years, 15 years type of a thing. But then within that series, um, So like, just, I'm going to just say Marley here. So the Marley model... N C is what we have right now, which is a crossflow, cooling tower package, factory symbol cooling tower. The series is 84, and then the model will be the box size, like the specific F 150 F 250 of that series 84. So that ends up looking like NC 84, 14. But then if I would have done that same thing 10 years ago, it would have been an NC 83. Okay. So, like, so manufacturers all have different versions of that that they do. And those are updated very rarely. But then 84, 14, and the price on that will change all the time. Now, the reason that price changes or the variability, I... That price, how much that price changes, is pretty much tied to whether we're looking at an online selection tool for that manufacturer or if we're looking at a catalog. The catalog is a publication that they put out, and they might update pricing once a year on that. Okay, so that okay, so that could be a risk, is if we're using, you know, what's our truth, you know? Correct. What's our true risk? And then, you know, what's the date on that tree? Is it the latest? So there would need to be prompts for that or ways to check that out. It's the same thing with us right now. I've got a catalog saved on my computer that I've been using for 5 months. If I'm not checking the manufacturer to see if they've updated it, then I can be using old data. The manufacturer is, therefore, incentivized to notify us in a big way when the price changes. But, you know, that's very... Okay, just, so do y'all do any added value? to the to the equipment before it goes to the job? Yes. Uh, there's... So, of this NC 8414, that's, I'll call it the base model. There's lots of accessories that could be put on there that added value that will either be a tighter fit to the specifications that they have, or it can provide enhanced features. Easier installation. These are installation, something like that. So we might arm price might go up at the installer's cost might go down. And that might end up being beneficial for them to try to secure the job, because they have less time on the job or because they can cut their install cost by enough to make it more competitive or whatever. Yeah, so there's there's a lot of different things like that to writing. So I guess that's another variable that you have to put in this based on whatever the job is. Like, additional accessories above and beyond the plans and specifications kind of a thing. Right. Okay. Okay, so we've already talked about this. What is doing at the proposal, the bid stage? I know I was doing this in the middle stage. Here's the layers that we were talking about. Okay. This is roughly how we broke it out. I think it would be helpful to start talking about what are these inputs, functions, and outputs at each layer. Exactly. So, incoming bid opportunities in bid docks, they're mostly PDOs. Sometimes they're gonna be tech space, flat files, sometimes they're image based flat files. Procore is the platform that has published bids right now. So I've got a question if we can directly integrate this, or it does require a login to get an approval, right? Yeah. So I don't know if we could go there to pull directly, or if we would have to ask a human, go to Pro Corps, get the stuff, dump it in the tool. The second is probably easiest for MDP, I would think. Okay. So, you can, so, so, we're, so, right now, on this MPV, we're assuming we can go to Pro Corps and, and extract data in, in a, in a format. Well, I'm asking. Yeah, that's what we need to look at. If we could go and just scrape everything, Because it's gonna be a lot of info. Procore has some sortability that's poor. It just does word searches. So if Scott wants to go and say, Hey, what's relevant this out here? And Prokos says, You can search by Cooling Tower. But if they've referenced a cooling tower in the spec somewhere, even if they don't need it, 'cause they've already got one, it's still gonna pull that up as relevant. So, basically, can we grab in bulk from pork to then process, or would it require a person going and grabbing it? Yeah, everything. So we can do is need to talk to somebody, that's... Who...? I think that's an ant, because I do get some bit invites in Procore or some other bitboards like that. There's a handful of them out there that I go to and then download from that. But there's just as many bit invites that I get that the contractor is hosting in their own shared drive, the blinds and specs, or that they just attach them to the email. Use appliance suspects for this job. What causes you to go to other publications other than...? Uh, based on whoever uh, when those mechanicals call us and say, We're bidding on this trial, we'd like your proposal. However, they share that, and however they share that is based on however it was shared to them. A lot of times they're forwarding the general contractor's invitations to us. And that general contractor's invitation has a link to the plan aspects, and that general contractor likes to use probore or, you know, or, um, a construct connect, or, you know, that's that's their mode of choice. And so that's basically how that's shared. So whatever they use to tell you what the specs are. Okay. Do you license Procore or how is that? Um, I think when you're using it, like general contractors do? Yes, they're paying to host their opportunities on there, to upload their documents, and to share it with their bidders, and to keep track of those bidders, like they use that service to manage their whole bid process, that whole triangle, which can be complicated. But by the time it gets down to us, we don't need to use it in that way. We just need to use it to download plan specs and to say yes or no, we're going to bid it or whatever. So we get free loggins to pull that data and to interface with. Is there a support, um, mechanism there, if you have problems with it, do you call somebody? And maybe they would... I just was trying, like, what, you know, how can we, you know, you know... First of all, we're, you know, go do the manual. If you can, extract information, but, you know, just kind of dig into if there's someone we can contact that knows the internals of this product. We could say, Oh, yeah, we got this and that, just to kind of give us options to kind of... Yeah, I agree. It may not be worth it. I just want to see... I don't know. I mean, the way that I think of Procore is that, essentially, it's a shared drive with a little workflow on top of it. Okay. Pre much. Yeah. Okay. But, and that's why there's a handful of them out there, because it's not that hard to stand up. But I would say for as far as MVP goes, we should prioritize being just manually dropping a document set in there. Okay. Because that is going to be the most common. And, um, The, uh, and the only way to take care of those binboards is to... is to work something that can interface with all those big boards. Otherwise, you're just like, well, we work with procords, but nothing else. Okay. That's solving 20% of the problem of the bids. Yeah, I just want to kind of match procore up to B. So that would be the step and B that you would do. It would actually be pre A. Oh, pre A, okay. Because you're getting the basic information to put the rest of that together. Okay. That's where the bid is and the specs. So we would be an input to A, to A, okay. And I think that's an okay manual input. Yeah. You're probably right because there's multiple platforms and there's also, it's emailed directly. And this is important for the qualification piece, because we might want to put some kind of waiting on there, because if it's on a public platform, be a pro or anything else, we can call that an open pit. Right? It means anybody can see it, anybody can bid on it. If it is emailed directly, it's more likely to be a closed bid or a private bid, where the architect has reached out to their preferred GC and said, Hey, I'd like for you to bid on this, or maybe two. There could also, so that means those are higher likelihood of success, because we've been selected to bid on it. We might be basis of design, or an alternator, yeah. Yeah, so there's a lane to prioritize those. Now, to make it more complicated, Pro Corp could also host these private bits. And, uh, yeah. So, I think just because of how that is fuzzy logic, it might be simplest to say to MVP. Let's just drop in. that we want the tool to consider for us. Okay. Okay. We're gonna have to have that functionality anyway. And then I'll see you around. Like, we have to. Yeah. For it to be used. I want to I want to interject here. I booked us an hour. We have 12 minutes left. Um, I can, I can wrap up, if we have hard stops, I should have put maybe a little bit more than an hour. If we have hard stops, I can wrap this up and we can talk about next steps. If you have a little more time, then I think we can cover this, we can cover this quickly, and then get the next step, and you tell me what... Yeah, I'm open. I open today. Friday for me, so... So, uh, 1030. Okay, okay. Okay. It's there's a lot here. Yeah, yeah. Even if it's simple, you know, what do you want? Oh, here it is. There's a lot of detail here. Got it. So I think that's, we basically covered the 1st case. Got it. A. Okay. We wanted to review upcoming bids. I think this download big documents we should downscale that. It should be, um, a user is uploading the bid docs. to do the qualification piece. And then the output is, Do we bid on this or not? Yeah, okay, okay, okay. Layer B, this is the neediest piece. I think this thing. You want that decision to be human decision? Go or not go, or is that gonna be built into the... I think the output would not necessarily be the decision. It would be, um, this is what I've found. Like, this is the equipment I've identified. These are some high level, you know, details on that equipment, such as here's the approved manufacturers. If that's all we do, is say there is a cooling tower, and these are the three manufacturers that are proved. There are two boilers, and these are the five manufacturers that are approved. There are this, like, and especially if those outputs are specific to me and not just every piece of equipment on the job, that's not really good. But if it's customized for my scope at my company, for my offering in my company, and it says, here's where your offering is reflected in this bid, and here's who you would compete against, if you went after this. Do you want to go after it? And I say, go now, go there. I think that's Tool recommendation, human selection. Go, go. Okay. 'Cause that decision is easy to do once you've done all that. The hard part is everything leading up to that summary. Yep. Okay. Tedious, not hard. So then this specification matching model selection, this is a piece we've talked around, a fair amount. So, in the qualified bids documents, you're looking at the M sheets, pulling out notes, getting all the context for, what is... We know that they've listed manufacturers, so that's in the first piece in A. We've decided we're pursuing this. Now, what type of marley cooling tower do they need to use the example that I'll probably keep coming back to? Gotcha. So, I think, at this stage, what we want the tool to do is review all of these documents and pull out the exact duty and exact requirements. Then, it would be nice to have. So, man, this is what we're talking about, the human path, the tool path. It would, I think, that we'd probably do two, so we've extracted the data. Now we use that to do an analysis of which model. Should we propose? The human path is what we do right now. We're going to the manufacturer's selection program and entering in this information, and it will spit out a model answer. The tool path is, we have some catalogs that they've published that they've told us about, that have a bunch of tables on performance data. We should be able to get the tool to do it run a calculation on that. I would think. And what it's not going to have is the proprietary, specific data to how does this thing perform in Phoenix? How does this thing perform in Miami? Who's not gonna have that, but it should have generic enough. Maybe that's good enough, maybe it's not. I don't know yet, but I think it's worth building to do that kind of testing, 'cause another thing that this is, I think this is probably true broadly, but especially true here in Houston. If I've asked you to give me a piece of equipment that gives me an output of one, that's what I want. I don't want a equipment that gives me the output of two or even 1.1, or 0.9. It better give me one, because anything above that, I'm overpaying for it. Anything below that, it doesn't meet my needs. So people are bending over backwards to get exactly one. And nothing above, because it's so price competitive. So that's where the proprietary data of how does this thing perform in San Diego versus Columbus, Ohio. That's where it may be more relevant. I don't know. It's absolutely relevant with our equipment. But that's anytime that there is relevancy there, there's a manufacturer's selection program. to do exactly that to do those ratings. But only in the manufacturer's selection program, or could you get there with the catalog, too? And 30 years ago, you could have got there with a catalog, too. But now they don't publish that. It's all it's all housed in the selection program. which you can get a I mean, they don't, it's not always super proprietary. They allow engineers to get log ins to that, to do their own selections sometimes. Okay. But it's to get that actual data, those tables of every different condition and where how it's going to provide. they don't they don't put that. So if Hans is building a building and, say, Nashville. And they ask you all to bid on it. Is that out of your territory and you couldn't do it? If Heinz is gonna buy it here, then we would bid it here, but due to the exclusivity agreements, we would have to, the Nashville rep, the one who's in that territory, would have the pricing authority. So we would contact the Nashville rep and say, hey, we've got a bidder on your job in there. Um, Please send us your proposal. And then they would send us their proposal, which would be the exact same thing as our proposal, but just with the price that they decided is right for that territory, with these conditions and their environment and everything else. And, uh, and then we turn around and get that proposal target here with our, let our head on it, and then if Heinz buys it here, they buy it from us. We get commission for that, but we also give a cut to the local rep. That doesn't happen often. Not necessarily. Now, if Heinz does reach out to us and, uh, it happens a dozen times a year. Um, if Nashville, if Heinz reaches out to us and says they're designing a job in Nashville, and they want to help with that, then they're giving us conditions the same duty requirements, like the capacity requirements that they would need for a selection normally, but the ambient temperature and the ambient humidity will be different. So we're then putting the Nashville information into the selection program to see how that piece of equipment will work in Nashville. And, you know, it projects out the whole year, 365 days. It's this temperature, this time of day, this humidity, this time of day. Like, that's in published weather data. And it uses that to determine. where how this piece of equipment will work. So that's where the selection program. Part something. I wonder if we could rebuild that because weather data information is public information. It's that, but it's the proprietary stuff I'm talking about is how this piece of equipment works in those conditions, which is test data that they do to meet with the regulatory bodies, requirements, and that regulatory body has all that data, and the manufacturer has all that data. And what they get out of that is a stamp that says, this will work. Like we say, it's got to. You can trust the selection program output because we tested it and this regulatory body approves those tests. So you can trust this output. We're not just making promises. But I don't, yeah, it used to be in catalogs, like thick, like every engineering contracting officer would have binders and binders like that, catalogs, that they would go through table after table after table to find the exact conditions here, and see how that's gonna work. I just don't do that anymore. I think, okay, so we have two paths. Manufacturer selection program, and some type of calculation that we can do that may not be as precise because it doesn't have all the site-specific location. That's Okay. Okay. That's for me. So, what this will give us is a recommended model, and, ideally, a comparison between the two paths. Now, that will likely have to be entered by the person that's running this, since we're not gonna have an API, too, the manufacturer's production program. So if we have tool comparison, info, or output here, and then a box that says, hey, enter in what it gave you in the manufacturer's selection program before you can go to the next. I mean, I can compare those. Yeah. And then it can compare. Yeah. Um, then the last, but the output generation. So, which models, and then, what info do we need from the project? At the proposal stage, this is very simple. It, like, one page. Uh, it would, it would have, Yeah, I have right here. It's a word, Doc, and I think each rep firm has their own temple. There is not an industry standard template for this. So the S, there are some things that you see across all things, but it's ultimately what we think is the most professional way to get this information across. The information will probably have header with the rep firm. Then it'll say, The scope is, it's these pieces of equipment, and then price needs those components. You can add a little more detail or less, but it's basically that. So that's simple. So does the, uh, there's a GC or, or the mechanical? Do they have their forms that they want you to use to bid, or can you just use any kind of form? The general contractor, when soliciting bids from mechanical, their subs, mechanicals, electricals, plumbing, contractors, they will generally have a bid form that they want you to fill in, which is like a one page thing that says this scope, price, this scope, price, this scope, price, but then the manufacturer, the contractors will still also have their proposal that they put out that has, you know, basically just They're selling, they're trying to sell their school, to advertise what all they're offering. But the generals will have like a bid form. But generally we do not have a bid form that we fill out. All we do is provide a price and the mechanical contractor is the one that's compiling all those prices. Okay. So I was just asking in case we need to put something in there that were the forms that they require. So yeah, that's all they did that was. That's a good question. For this version, with manufacturers reps, I wouldn't see that. Okay. being necessary. So middle output at the last stage of the tool has got a lot more detail. We'll have to pull the duty notes, spec requirements, prepare, compare it against proposed equipment. So you're essentially, if you've gone, you've already gone through this at the proposal stage, you're not going back up to A, of the tool, but you're reperforming B and C, at the middle stage. So you're saying, when we reviewed what their specifications were last time, we said, it's this model. Let's make sure that nothing has changed in their specifications, and reperformed the submittal. It probably won't, but sometimes it might. So we need to reperform that to see if when we compare it, last time, it was these pieces of equipment. Is that still true? So we need to reperform that. If that's true, then we're pulling a lot more information. So we'll pull the cut sheets. These could live on a manufacturer's website. We could have, say, local copies of them. Sometimes when you go through the manufacturer's selection program, it will say, It's this model, and here's all the cut sheets for you. They'll go ahead and give that to you. Or there may be generic cut sheets where, instead of, it's this model, and here's the specifications, or, like, here is everything that we offer, and all the specifications, all of these models. So then that will have to be cut. Okay. There's one way to think about this submittal is, it does, it is, um, the regulating document for the construction process where we're saying, this is where we're providing the engineer and the engineer is saying, yes or no? Um, that's what we want or know, you need to make this change, but it also ends up being in the owner's official or like end of project close out documents, what we call it. So it's kind of like what they have as an ultimate reference for the equipment that they have in their building. So that also includes like installation manuals and things like that. that will be in there. And so they can always reference back to see, this is exactly what I have up there. So 10 years later, they've got new facility, chief engineers. They've got, like, nobody was, nobody was here when they built the building. They've got a record of what exactly they have and what they need to know to service it. So that's kind of we're starting that here, but that lives with the... I'm gonna start moving a little quicker in here, because I want to get down to the bottom of this, where we have some actual questions in here. So, but if I'm moving too fast, you have other questions, just feel free to ask me. Um, This spec compliance review, just line by line. This is us marking up what they've given us to say that, yes, we comply with this, or no, we deviate from this, and here's why, or no, we're excluding this, and here's why. This is relevant for the tool, this scheduled versus submitted. So these are side by side tables where, essentially, the scheduled requirements are what they've asked for. where they've asked, for, give me an output of one, and then our submitted values we show, we're giving you an output of 1.0000, right? So we can show that we're giving them what they're asking for. There are tools that do this right now. Blue Beam is one that does this right now. My working assumption that I've put in here is that we're gonna replace bloopine for that. Because that would be the only thing that we're using it for. then I don't see why we would ask someone to... You mean exporting it into Excel? Yeah. That, yeah, that's, that's a function that living has, but it's not exclusive living, and it's all it is, is just pulling that out. If we had an LLM reading that and digesting that data accurately, then we wouldn't need to pull it out with Blippi. That's something I have to do to manually do this. Yeah, okay. So we've already identified this. That's a good point. There are other tools that put that into a table. I'm not using those outputs. We've already got the data. We can just recreate the table. and this tool. And that tool was called blue? Blue bean. It's like Adobe. It's a blue beam. It's a, it's just a PDF, man, software to create and manipulate media documents. Oh, so it's like Adobe. Okay. Or it's used commonly in this industry, on the big PDFs for proposals incidents. Okay. Because we can get some screenshots just so that, if we're gonna create this functionality, kind of, so you... something that's... Oh yeah, I'm used to that, so we can base it off of that. We can definitely do that. Okay. And I've listed that stuff in here for your video reference. Okay. So we'll mark up the cut sheets. If it's a generic cut sheet, like I said, if the manufacturer has given us something that's specific and only talks about the model that we're presenting, great, we put that in there. If it's generic and it includes more information, we need to tell them, Don't worry about this stuff. This is what you care about 'cause this relates to our model. The last part of the output is a cover page. And this, it's simpler because we're essentially at the bottom of the waterfall. Everybody above us is gonna have to add their stuff into this cover page. The contractor GC, so it gets harder as it goes up, but since we're at the bottom, it's, in the cover page, is essentially just a place for us to put more context or just summarize what this thing is. I mean, the more context is an option for the cover page, but essentially the cover page is a title block. You know, this is the job, this is the address, this is the architect, this is the mechanical engineer. This is the contractor that we're writing into. This is who we are. This is the equipment that we're submitting in this. It's just a... Okay. This is a technical question. Maybe a differentiator for us, having a table of contents that's hyperlinked, so it's easy to navigate. Sometimes people do that, but it's more effort. more time, so a lot of people don't. So now, what are we talking about specifically? What's in scope for MVP? I've suggested that it's just the proposal stage, 'cause there's more volume there. Now this, for the qualification stage, one equipment category, that may be the right thing. I don't know if it's materially more complex to have other types of equipment, or if we just want to pilot it with boilers, or just want to pilot it with cooling towers. Well, are you saying that the... other equipment, maybe you have two manufacturers you represent, and you're gonna compare those two cooling towers from the two different manufacturers to the specs. Yes, yes, what I'm saying here is, do we want to have a comparison that does all of the cooling towers that we represent, or all of the boilers, manufacturers that we represent, or all of another equipment type that we represent, or do we want to have it to be able to compare all tooling towers, all boilers, and all pumps? Yeah, so that gets some people called domain expert, is the AI system. Whats its domain? What's its expertise? And then, so it's, um, I generally lean on, you know, um, you want it to be specific, so, you know, since assistants are fairly straight, straightforward, there's really only need those, those three things, we could, you know, a, a, a boiler, a cooling tower, expert, assistant, then a boiler expert assistant, and then you can have an orchestrator up top that would be, you know, hey, I, I, I want to compare all of these separate equipment, and, but, for, for specific tasks, you'd have those domain experts. That's what I would recommend. Okay, 'cause that process does look a little different for each of those. piece of equipment. But also, like, Daniel's coming up with those options. Cooling tires, boilers or bumps, because those are my products. But every rep like me is gonna have a different collection of products. in different groups. Like I said, I've got like 7 or eight, but others will have different products based on different. So as far as what we focus on originally, it's that's... You almost have to decide that with your pilot company. Yeah, I guess Tham, where that is, is the assistant hallucination? Is that I'm trying, I'm asking him to do way too much. Yeah. Can I break it down? siloing it is good. We do that with you. Yeah. Like there'll be a cool entire expert that handles those quotes. and I'll make It makes sense. I have caps, so good points. And we do have in here that perhaps we can pick based off of what the rep is piloting with us, what they actually represent. I do have a question, too, on, on, uh, do we want to go multiagenic, where each agent is gonna be an expert in this type of manufacturer, this type of products, um, or is it, is it faster, frust right now, to do something, some lighter version of that? Yeah, and that's what would have to, we'd have to iterate through, and you want to, it depends upon the quality of the output. Can we get our prompt, our prompt engineering right to where is it, is it accurate, and is it, and is it the truth that we want? If not, then we're gonna have to dig down and and kind of pretrain it and get it more of specific domain. So those are the things we have to iterate through. We can start with, you know, um, you know, um, less agents, but if, if it gets, if they're not getting the answer that you want, then we need to kind of break it down, like, like what you were saying with the, with the humans, you have, well, one specific person that's specific with that. So... Okay. Yeah, that'd be a thing we have to iterate through. So, we've, that's, that's Larry. Larry B, spec matching model selection. We talked about the dual path. I think exhaustively. So that's just restating what we've already said. The output generation. I think proposal is pretty simple, so I think the MDP would just be proposal, which, again, is basically one page. It says, Here I am, here's my rep firm. I'm proposing these pieces of equipment. Here's your price. That's really what it needs to say. Now, I do have some principles in here, but I think this is a suggestion for what the base model has to have, and it's got to be multi tenant, because we're talking about, you know, Yeah, it's just a pilot client right now, but we want to have multiple entities and their data needs to be firewalled off. We do want that end to end, audit logging. Policy has code framework. We'll host it. I've actually, I used to work with some guys at the deal team at EY, who are now, they're selling cloud compute at AWS. I just gonna call these guys and see what's the best way to do that. Sure. This is so ready, authentication. customer provide a catalog data. So this would be from the manufacturers. to make sure we get that so it can be ingested into the model. Yeah. Out of scope. So middle stage, because it's more complicated. I've got multi category, multi equipment type, but this might be flexible depending on who the pilot client is. We won't interface with the manufacturer's selection program. Um, we won't do any, any bid platform integration. People are gonna manually upload these things. I said, Bluebeam, but maybe that's not even special enough to call out, because it's just producing, they submitted versus, uh, scheduled table. We can do without. All right. Value engineering and budgetary basis of design support. So this, uh, phase zero here, way early, you know, hey, I'm gonna build something in two years. And I'll give you the tool's not gonna do that. at this stage. Value engineering, I think, could be a differentiator for us in a future iteration, and basically what that means is, they've asked for these outputs, and they're essentially saying it should be, it should be three cooling tires or whatever, but Scott, he really knows these products, and he says, I think I can get you the same outputs at a cheaper cost. It's not three towers. I actually think it's two, if you do this, too. So you're providing value back to them. That helps establish you as a go to vendor, and you build good report them, and they say, well, hell, this idea is way better than what I was thinking. Let me change my specs, and now you're going to win that job. I think that's nice to have in the future, but we're not gonna build that right now. B.I.M. is the industry standard for how these buildings are modeled in 3D modeled within Revit. We're not going to integrate with that. ACC is AutoCAD. We are not integrating with that right now. We're only ingesting the flat files that come out of those systems, but we're not integrated with these, with the tools that produce it. CMMC, level 2 certification. This could be important if we're doing more governmental type jobs. So I think there are some regs that we need to evaluate. Do we want to build that rigor into the early version of the tool now so that we can scale for these types of clients? Okay. So that's, I think it may be too complicated for the first moment. Okay. Success is, we get a paid pilot customer, and I don't think that we're gonna ask them to pay a whole lot, 'cause we're gonna be training on their data. There's gonna be a human interface here. Uh, I think we at least need to cover some cost, but we would, uh, get one. And we, we prove, we get a proof of concept where they're able to do more work with this tool than they could do manually, the throughput. Also, this would be success if the model doesn't have any compliance errors, and there's not an error that's attributable to the system where, you know, we put in stuff, it should have given us a cooling tower, and it said, you need a boiler, you know, something way off. And that we can understand how it made all these decisions. That's success for this. Okay. In the big process, do they select, say, two people, and then you go in and negotiate after that? Or is... Is your big one? What you're playing, you know? There's negotiations, too. The value engineering can be... But would they say, would they award a bit to two general contractors? Sometimes, on a very big project, they'd split the school, but they would make that clear from the start. There's, like, a bed tower for a hospital, and then there's a central plant, which has all the big equipment that's feeding, that's serving the stuff. But it's a separate building that is a completely different set of skills that are required to design and build it. So some big buildings, they'll even have different engineers, don't have an engineer doing the central plan, engineer doing the bed tower, and then they could have a different GC doing each of those. Or one GC might split it between 2 mechanicals. Yeah, so sometimes they do that divide it up, but usually it's it's one. These are some architectural principles. Again, you know this better than I do. This is a starting point for us. The LLMs do the extraction generation, but there needs to be... Bless you. There needs to be a deterministic code that's actually doing the matching. so that we have standard outputs, and we don't have to worry about, you know, the probabilistic differences in an LLM. Okay. The structure data needs to be the source of truth. Every claim is gonna cite its source, this is the audibility that we keep talking about. Yep. There's gonna be some human verification toll gates in here. Okay. Multitenant, talked about that, audit log, and policy is code for compliance rules. And this is a new concept to me, but as I understand it, it would be, Yeah, we've written down here that, you know, no version changes happened to the model unless it's approved by these two people, right? That's a written policy and a word, Doc. But if it's baked into the policy as code, then it's gonna force those approvals from you and you before it will allow any changes. Am I thinking about that the right way? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's how that, there's some frameworks out there that, yep. Um, input agnostic intelligence layer, because we're gonna be getting different types of files. It needs to be able to consume different types of files. Yeah, so, uh, yeah. This infosect posture, so this is what I was talking about with the CMFC, um, depending on what sector we're pointed at, 'cause, I mean, Scott is already in healthcare and some energy. I don't think y'all are in defense, but you're in education. There are some government contractors. Also... Sometimes we have to sign NDAs to even download the Douglas. Yeah. Okay, so you have a duty to, uh, to secure the data. Yeah. Okay. So, okay. CMFC, Sock 2. We probably won't want to run a FEMA against this to make sure we're thinking through what could go wrong, and then what will we do if it does go wrong? Because we already have that in place. Okay. Output composition is driven by equipment type. Um, yeah, 'cause some require more detail. than others. Now, these, what I'd suggest just given time, is open architectural and design questions. Take a look at these, while we're done, and maybe think on what will be the best path for it. We've got a position in here, a lane, but we're open to suggestion. Yeah, it's very, I read through it last night, or early this morning, and I was like, yeah, he's definitely thinking, you're thinking, in the right path, is you want to be flexible, and you want to be able to communicate, you know, you don't know what you need in the future. Right. So it's why you build those in. Then I want to skip down to, well, these these design questions, too, would be something to reflect. I want to just go down to the milestones. Sure. So this is aggressive. Yeah. And it's mine design, because it's not a surprise to anyone that does these, that this middle process, the proposal process, it's very oners. It's very tedious. And no one likes doing it. I was talking with an architect who works for a structural engineering firm. She said, Yeah, it's a pain for us, and we have all the answers. It still takes us forever to put these things together. So someone is going to do this to solve it. I would like for it to be, you know, something that I can participate in, but it's going to happen soon. So that's why I'm pushing for a 90 day MVP. Sure. Sounds reasonable. I mean, it's... to be, from what I, from what you've described so far, that should be regional, if the data, now, the biggest, to me, the biggest thing is our data strategy. is the data, what we think then it is. Yeah. And so we'll have to... iterate through. Is that a couple of components for success with this MVP? Getting to that day, that means we got to have a customer signed up. having a customer signed up means that we've got to have a tool built. Having a tool build means we got to have a team. place. So those are all dependencies. In the pilot face, we would just add more folks to that and continue to gather data, then we'd go production. Right now, it's just me. Okay. Uh, I'm Scott and I are figuring out a way that we can work together, but there's a few things we need to get figured out first. I haven't incorporated yet, you know, we obviously don't have any revenue at this stage. I, what I'm thinking, is maybe more information than you care about, but I'm not thinking of fundraising for MVP. I think I'll just bootstrap the thing. But, and the rationale behind that is just the effort it takes to go in fundraising. It's a lot of a lot of effort. I could do that, but I'm just trying to move really fast right now. I've got a friend in Brazil who's CTO on my last company. He has done a lot of these things. And he says, Daniel, you need to fundraise. I said, I don't want to, Louise. He goes, He says, You're not building the thing that you think you're building. Say, Well, what do you mean? He says, Well, you don't know enough about yet. You're going to learn, and it will change the end crux, so it may take you longer. So you should probably be thinking about it now. But I don't want to, just for speak. So that's where we're at right now. Okay. Um, I would love for Scott to be a part of this. We're working on that. Advisors, I've got some people under consideration, but I don't have anyone signed up yet. Um, and you know, you and I are talking right now. We haven't talked about how we would commercialize this, so it would make sense for both of us. I know we need to talk about that. What I would propose is next steps, at least just for us, is... I've already asked you some questions in here. Your time is valuable. I'm not asking you to do a bunch of free words. Sure. Um, so, if you would like me to propose a way that we can work together, I'm happy to do that. If you have an idea of how you would like for that to work, that can be a starting point for us. Um, I think we should do that. I've got an NCNDA, that I'll ask you to sign. It's individual to individual right now. Sure. But if we're getting deeper in here and we're working together, we should probably sign one of those. Yeah, I'm open to that. You come to me, well, how do you think that, that, that, that you think I, I, I, I could participate in whatever you're gonna sign, you know, I'm open to that, 'cause I, I understand. Okay. I understand. Yeah. Um, I'm happy to do that. One thing that... Well, just a basic question for you is, what does your capacity look like in the air term? Right now, I'm open. I'm between consulting, so I'm, you know, actively looking, you know, for consulting engagements. So, uh, I'm open right now. But that may not be, you know, so I'm looking. I don't have anything in a pipeline, so I'm available now. So I can... get going. And... I'm not asking you to answer this question right now, but I at least want to plant the thought for you to be thinking about this. Um... We've got to need right now to build something. It may work, it may not work. I don't know yet. Um, assuming it does work, then there's gonna be some ongoing, there's more work that comes out of this, so congratulations. You did a great job, here's more work. There's that potential. So what I would ask you to think about is, in a happy path, you know, what would need to be true for this to be something that you'd be excited to continue working on, or not? Um, I'd ask you to think about that, 'cause there's, there's also a few ways that we could do this, and I'll just, I'm just putting my cards on the table, let you know I'm thinking about it. This could be something that we run with the really small team. Now, this could be some, and that person is, is fully dedicated or near fully dedicated to that. This could be something that we run with a more fractional team, where we have someone who is gonna be SMA, is gonna be running this, but there's other engineering support, whether that be here, offshore. I have contacts in all those worlds as well. Okay. And that would allow the person sitting on top making those decisions with, I would want to have, you know, some advisor support, too, to, uh, to not need to be full time on it. Okay. That's another option. Okay. And so, think on what would a preferred model look like for you or what would need to be true for you to say? I'll let this one go. Actually, this might be better for me. And an acceptable answer, it could be. Let's get started with this one and then we can figure it out, or let's get started with this one. I'm open to that. Okay. What I'm trying to do in the next month is have a team, have a direction, be building. And it could, and ideally, it's shorter than that. There are some upstream things that could impact which direction this goes, because I'm very much pointed at manufacturer's sales reps right now. Commercial HVAC. But this tool is applicable across lots of different pieces in here. I don't think that we pointed at all of them to get going, but it could. So I'm working on figuring out those upstream blockers to give the green light to go directly here right now. And I need to have that figured out in the coming weeks soon. Okay. Okay. Yeah, this is, uh... This is right up my... right up my alley, so what I can do is, is I want to reflect more, read more of this document. A lot of information that I, you know, I wished I would have read more, and I want to dig into it, 'cause you have a lot there that can be, and to convert it into, you know, an architecture of diapers, you can see it visually. You know, I think you mentioned AOBS, and that's my preferred way, because it's such a quicker way. You need to get to spend a month with using AWS. They have this framework called bedrock. When you talk to your AWBS, be there. Use, use, use bedrock. It's their, uh, AI, um, framework. And it's got a lot of that built in, data ingestion, model interactions, workflows. So I like to take that and put that into an architecture item. You can see, okay, our agents are qualification agent here. This is how it gets data, it kind of, you see it's from a visual, then you want to take that to AWX and say, Oh, okay, this is, have someone have someone validate it. So that's kind of where that I fit in, was an architect, and then, and, and a visor, to, to, to get this thing, get this MVP going. And I could actually do that, too. So, yeah, that's what I'll do, and then if that's something that you would want me to do, I can go do that, and then we can discuss how you want me, you know, to participate. And what's our future office? But I think the 90 day thing, we could definitely do. Okay. Well, great. I'm excited. Yeah, this is good. This is right in line with kind of way that the trend's going with AI, the traditional software development. We got to plug in this, this generative AI, and, and, you know, and it's, it's nuances, and, and how do you make sure that that's really a task for it, you know? And so, yep, this is very good. Okay. Um, I've done a whole lot of talking today. Any other questions that are any things that you thought? I thought we were gonna talk about this, but we didn't, or I have this question now that we have covered these other pieces. Anything, anything else before we... Um, I guess I have a question. It's more a typical question about multi-tenet, um, And you mentioned it, it's basically going to be phases. I'm thinking, I think you already said it. I just want to make sure that you're not thinking right now, physical data isolation. Like, say you have this manufacture data has to be physically in another, like, compute environment. And I just want to make sure for the MVP, it's gonna be maybe one manufacturer, and so I just want to make sure that, um, I don't want to build in, you know, have all this complexity in there that's not needed right now. Yeah. The way that I was thinking multi tenet was less about manufacture data. Because... if there's a Marley rep, if it's Scott here, he's looking at the same Marley information that the rep in Nashville's looking at, so I don't think we need to firewall off. Okay. manufacture information. Okay. But an SNS proposal or an SNS submittal, that needs to be separated from another manufacturer... Got a proposal, or... Got it. Yeah. Okay. Another 10. That'd be the other 10. Okay. And that is, that's very important. So, what I propose is, these tears to this software as a service model, so we'll do that at the application level, and say if there's more regulatory requirements that go along where you have to, like, we prove physical hardware, then we'll get there. But right now, we'll do what's called tier one, multi tenant. is what we'll do it. We'll have a shared, shared services, and we'll separate it at the application level, and have that privileges locked in, because that gets you there to where you want to beat it. to show, to show progress. And if things change, we'll just, you know, un uncouple and prove that we're physically separate. And that's, like, tier, tier, two, tier, two, kind of like that socks, one, two, three... Every time you go up a socks, you gotta prove more detail. But you represent multi manufacturings, right? Yes. So you want to be able to multitenet, you want to be able to go out to each of those manufacturers for pricing, that you represent. So you would have some multitenet, uh, as far as the manufacturers they represent. Because the pricing might be different. Yeah, the prices might be different, or the, you know, the specs might be different. I think, like, if we're gonna, uh, the, the manufacturer tool, like, so we will basically be building a tool that's designed to, um, handle plant suspects and selections and proposals and submittals for a cooling tower and cooling tower accessories, right? And then, um, and that can, that same tool could probably be used for all of the cooling tower manufacturers, and probably some other types of equipment that's pretty close to it too, but like, it doesn't, that, that tool doesn't have to be unique for each, um, user. But it's gonna be using data that is unique to that user, right? And that data, some of it will be widely available on the internet. Some of it will be proprietary and issued to that mechanical rep or the manufacturer's rep, that data would have been issued to me. under our exclusive agreement, and I cannot send that out to other people, right? Like internal pricing, internal design, stuff, like things like that, that I need to do my job right, but they don't want to get out. So, like, that data I'm gonna have, and from my point of view, uh, at my job, when I'm thinking about using a tool like this, I want to be able to say, this is all the data for my manufacturer that is mine, and then I'm not allowed to let get out, but that is necessary for this job to be done. So here it is, use all this to dominate bios again. So I don't think as far as, like, physical separation, that sounds like a regulatory thing. It just needs to be separated. Logical. Yeah, yeah, it's that tier one model that it's a lot more cost-effective in data sharing. Yep. Okay. Good question. Okay. What else? That's, that's really it. I've got a lot of review that document, get back with you more, and then, um, we'll just kind of continue on, like we said. Um, you probably notice, but every industry has got its own language, you know? How what they call things, how they talk about them. I'm building out a terminology. She can just go back. I'll share that with you. Yeah, yeah. that's a great thing. That's actually a really, really good best practice is, is these terms, in touching computer science, these marketers come in, and they want to, you know, like, like the term multi tenant. That is so... has over the years been since this software as a service... model came out, has been redefined. What is it? You know, with the regulatory coming in well, and now they want more, more say over how these systems are built. And so it's, you know, it's like, yeah, so that's a great, very, great thing. We'll have that. I've always done it, you know, a long time recovering consultant, and I would go into another industry. Okay, well, I call this thing a coaster, but they just call it a drink holder. Like, I got to relearn everything about how I talk about it. And that's the thing about it, but AI now is it's such a, it's such a, an arms race is that we've already moved on, like, you know, for example, this prompt engineering, we have these react patterns, this chain of thought, when you big, you've ever dig into it. But now they're building them into the models now. So now you don't have to do it, 'cause the models have this inherent skill that you're like, wow, it's, you know, so there, so this arm traces, they're drinking things better and better and better, is three months, every three months, anthropics coming out with just a new model. Cool, yeah. And so I'm like, Wow, I built all this in because I didn't have this skill before, but now I don't need to do that. And then so, so that's, that's, that, that, that's the big challenge, is like, wow, I built all this, and now, I just use a new model. It's gonna be easier to do that. It's, it's crazy. Yep. Yep. Anybody that tells me, ah, I'm not that impressed with AI. When's the last time you used it? Exactly. Well, you know, two years ago, it was terrible at, uh, tracking my emails. I was like, try it again. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep, yep. It's, it's, uh, yep. Okay. Even for pedestrians, it's incredible. My brother Spence.